The year is 2044.
Global population growth
has exploded.
Resources are declining. ???
The planet is dying.
So now it's time.
Stay there!
Hands up!
- Hands up!
- What in ...
- No. they're not here for you.
- They have no right to be here.
What do you think you ...
Come here.
Come forward with your hands on your head!
Save yourself.
- I'm gonna take you out of here.
- No. just stick.
Please. before ...
Before...
- Stay with me.
- Hands up!
- What in ...
- Good.
You are awake.
- Who the hell are you?
- What do you mean?
- Where am I?
- Do not you remember?
No...
Nothing?
Sorry. but I do not know who you are
or how I came here.
I'm Alana.
What is the last thing you remember?
I ... I was in the hospital.
That was a week ago.
- One week?
- Yes.
We took off this morning.
Magnets.
Hello?
There's no one out there.
I told you so.
What is this?
- Do you remember that you were convicted?
- Convicted?
- What are you talking about?
- The trial.
I do not understand anything.
- Checking this door?
- You waffle.
You will not get out of here.
Welcome Isaac Haveloc
It was something new.
So there it did not for me.
- What the ...
- Hi. Isaac. My name is Eva.
- I'm your emergency assistant.
- Are you a computer?
- Yes.
- Did you say "distress"?
And.
- Where are we?
- In your housing capsule ...
about 240 kilometers
above the earth's surface.
- In space?
- Yes.
I...
It must be a mistake.
They must have mistaken me for someone else.
- Are you not Isaac Havelock?
- Yes. but ...
You were selected as part of the
Samsara program with the goal
to create the earth's first colony 2052.
You leave the Earth's orbit in 11
hours. as soon as the living quarters are docked.
- When do we dock?
- It's already done.
Okay. top ...
- So how can we talk to someone?
- Sorry. but you can not open ...
- the air locks before we docked.
- But you said we just did it!
We are no longer docked.
- Why?
- Sorry. with my systems activated ...
during the emergency release. Therefore. I
can not give you information about the incident.
Need? What other need is there
than that we are stuck here ?!
An emergency arose on the ship.
I have no further information.
- So why do I not remember any of this?
- The air pressure in the canister dropped to 15%.
Mild symptoms of hypoxia include
temporary memory loss. motor skills ...
Lack of concentration. poor judgment ...
Do you understand any of this?
I woke up just before you.
So. how can we walk around without ... You know.
- That we do not float around.
- Gravity is regulated ...
using polarized magnets
in the floor and ceiling
and all participants have received
magnetic implants.
- Like I said. magnets.
- Liquids. on the other hand. can flow around freely.
- But the vacuum system causes negatives ...
- Why me?
I do not know.
- What is it?
- Look.
Oh my God...
Stop that.
Is that ... or the other ship?
I think that was it.
Breathe.
How can you be so calm?
We're still alive.
- Eva?
- Yes. Isaac?
- Can we communicate with the ship?
- Yes. Isaac. Who would you like to speak to?
Connect us to ...
- The bridge?
- Yes.
Certainly.
Sorry. the call did not go through.
Do you want to try with the health center?
- Sure.
- The call did not go ahead.
Do you want to ...
- Test everything until someone answers.
Certainly.
Sorry. but all calls failed.
- And on the ground?
- Who do you want to call?
Ground control.
A moment. I'm connecting you now.
- Hello. it's Jane?
- Thank God.
Hi. this is Isaac Havelock.
There has been some kind of ...
- Who do you want to talk to?
- Is it not the ground control?
No. that's the main gear. Should I connect
you to someone on the control team?
- Yes!
- A moment.
- Thanks.
- Sorry. but I can not get hold of anyone.
It's busy down there.
Should I ask someone to come back?
What? No. we need to talk to someone now.
It's about life and death!
Sorry. sir. but it's not possible.
A moment.
- I'm connecting you to someone.
- Hello? Who am I talking to?
Sir. this is Isaac Havelock.
We've gotten away from the mothership.
Isaac. There has been an explosion and
we do not know what the status is on Vega 3.
- Hold on. We do everything we can.
- Okay but...
We're not seeing you on the monitor right now.
What do you see outside the window?
Isaac?
Isaac. vakna.
What happened?
Another explosion.
- And the control?
Gone.
You have used
one of your ten calls this month.
Incoming and outgoing calls
are included in the sum.
The calls can be monitored by staff
for violations.
Certainly.
We're lucky if we survive a week.
Collision detection.
- What does it mean?
- That something just hit the ship.
- A pressure drop in the ship has been detected.
- Calm down.
We have to focus.
- Eva. do you know where the leak is?
Unknown.
Liquid flows around in microgravity.
Atmospheric pressure is currently 96 percent
and declining.
- There.
- How do we solve this Eva?
Minor damage to the hull can be repaired
using the emergency repair kit
located under the garden
and the blowtorch located on the wall.
- Eva. how much can it handle?
- Object smaller is 10 mm ...
at a maximum speed of
8.000 meters per second.
That looks bigger than a centimeter.
- Are you okay?
- I met.
- A second leak has been discovered.
- It looks much bigger.
Well. at least we did not go down without explaining ourselves first.
Atmospheric pressure stabilized.
- How does it feel?
- It's okay. not too deep.
You were lucky.
Then I want to know what is bad luck.
Incoming calls from the ground control.
- Skill. Haveloc. are you there?
- Hello.
- Still there.
- We lost you for a moment.
I have bad news.
The ship is gone.
There may be other survivors.
but we do not know how many right now.
Gone?
- Do you know what happened?
No. we must have slept.
We do not know. How do you get us out of here?
We are working on it. Do not worry.
We'll take you from there.
- Who cares?
- You.
- Hello?
- Your capsule falls out of orbit.
Without an adjustment. you will return
to the Earth's atmosphere.
- That sounds good. doesn't it?
- No. it's not.
We do not know if the capsule will be
able to recover due to the damage.
- Are you still there?
- What do you want us to do?
Wait for instructions.
We are working on it.
- You said that.
- Try to save on air in the meantime.
Do not breathe too deeply or quickly.
Try not to panic.
- Call failed.
- Why would we panic?
You have used two
of your ten calls this month.
Both incoming and outgoing calls
are included in the sum.
The calls can be monitored by staff
for violations.
Eva. do me a favor
and do not say it again.
Okej. Isaac.
Why do not you tell?
Excuse?
You're so calm.
Why do I get the feeling
you know something I do not know?
I do not know.
It sounds more like your problem than mine.
Funny.
So what did you do?
Someone did something to me ...
so I did something to him.
- Incomming call.
- Hello. who am I talking to?
- This is Isaac Havelock.
- Hey. Isaac. This is KNL News.
- Are you okay? We heard about an explosion.
- Yes. there is no danger.
- How did you get there?
- We have our sources.
So nice to hear. Isaac.
I'm Lucy James. a journalist at KNL.
- Do you want to talk to us live?
- Not directly.
- Tops. Isaac. I'll connect you right away.
- But I...
Isaac?
This is Ken Bradley on KNL News.
You are live.
- Hey. Ken.
- Great to hear your voice.
You're the first one we're heard of up there.
Can you tell us what happened?
Isaac?
Hello. Isaac?
- Yes. I'm still there.
- Good. Now you're back.
You would tell me what happened.
I was asleep.
And then I woke up
and something had hit the ship.
- And then there was a big explosion.
- It sounds serious.
- Do you know how the rest of the crew is doing?
- Unfortunately. I have no idea.
It must be difficult.
Our thoughts are with you right now.
You are incredibly brave. How do you handle
the mental pressure during space travel?
- I can not answer that right now.
- I understand.
And how are you going to solve the problem now?
You know as much as I do. The ground control is
trying to find out the cause ...
- and we hope to hear from them soon.
- Then we leave that. thank you.
- We will hear from you again soon and good luck.
- The call ended.
It was a big mistake.
I remember everything.
Do you?
I had no intention of doing that.
Do what?
I shot one person.
It was not meant to kill him.
but he died.
I've heard it before.
What do you mean?
You do not want to take responsibility
for your actions only.
You are afraid of how others will look at you.
That was really not the point.
Does that make you a bad person?
Believe me. I know.
I ... What?
Why do you think I'm here?
We are just criminals in their eyes.
They usually differ between men and women.
so why are we here together?
Is it not obvious?
Well ... It does not happen.
Do you not think I'm attractive?
Yes. I think
you're very attractive.
But I'm already with someone.
Oh really?
Look around. Isaac.
You may change.
Do not worry. I'm just messing with you.
Are you going to tell me what you did?
Maybe later.
So. Chris ...
What's the latest developments?
Not much right now.
All we have is an official statement
that an incident has occurred.
And that they are working on it
and the condition of the crew.
Well ... we stay updated.
If you told me ten years ago
that we would send prisoners into space
. I had said you were crazy.
What do you think about it?
Was that a bad idea?
This has never been said. How we treat
our prisoners reflects our society.
And our prisons are full.
The condition is deplorable ...
and by and large.
global population growth has exploded.
The climate is catastrophic
and the earth is in a state of rebellion.
We must colonize other planets
to survive.
so based on this. you do not think
it creates a meaning in the lives of prisoners
which would otherwise have been spent in a cramped
cell? It is an important and noble purpose.
- That is why the program is very important.
- But they did not choose it themselves.
And it's incredibly risky
considering what happened.
If our handling of prisoners
reflects our compassion ...
- Is not that a negative reflection?
- There are lots of people ...
who would do anything to get into
space. An opportunity worth dying for.
You almost convinced me there.
But let's ask the following question.
Why was it done in secret ...
and why was no consent given
and why do we hear about the accident only now?
The Ministry of Justice said this morning
that they have specifically chosen prisoners
which was quote:
"psychologically suitable" for the mission.
And the legal system was the ideal place
to get hold of many applicants
with the right conditions. I guess that
means they lack ties.
Sure. I hear you.
And now for a news update.
Billionaire and inventor Robert Themis
and his company Hyperion offer help
rescuing the stranded crew.
Mr Themis. in your post you said that
your company wants to help and is ready.
- What exactly did you mean by that?
- We have developed rescue capsules ...
for exactly this situation for NASA
and we have an unmanned capsule ready.
We can go up there with a pilot
and take them safely home to earth again.
And you have enough
for all the survivors?
It holds two. but we can only
dock one craft per trip
so we have to do it in batches. which
can take many days or many at a time.
- How many do you have exactly?
- We have several pieces.
Some claim that this is
another PR trick. Mr Themis.
- Is it true?
- No. Thank you for your time.
I'm sorry. but you spent
your 30 minutes of TV time today.
Too much television is bad for your health.
Who cares about the news?
Money. death. the environment. blah blah blah.
Incomming call.
- Skill. Havelock. that's the control.
- Finally.
Havelock. what was that?
- Excuse me?
- I told you so.
Why did you talk to the media?
That was really stupid.
Are you kidding me?
We're about to die in a box and you'll lecture
me on my conversation with the media?
We're trying to find out what happened.
This is an ongoing situation and ...
Who are you really ?! Is it just
a media image? Do you care about us ?!
Do you even listen to me ?!
What a mood.
Isaac. I'm sorry. We are
in a crisis and the stress level is high.
Let's start over. We need to
control what the public gets to know
to protect the
families of the crew members.
- OK. I understand.
- Thank you. Isaac.
- So what do we do now?
- The reason I called ...
is that it is of the utmost importance that
we get you back into orbit.
Not just for you.
but for the people on the ground.
The capsule will probably not break
in the atmosphere.
It is designed to withstand
an emergency and has parachutes.
But we do not know the status of
your heat shields after the explosion
and anyway we have to
check the angle of the return.
- Okay. so what should we do?
- Listen carefully.
We will explain how to manually
get the canister back into orbit.
- We are listening.
- Good. do you see the control panel?
- Yes.
- Good. Go ahead and start it.
Leta fram "system".
- Yep.
- "Advanced".
- Ja.
- "Drivkraftskontroll".
- "Manual override".
- Okay.
You must enter the following code:
VCYD-1-9.
- Okay. of course.
- Now you open "Propulsion Vector Course" ...
and enter the following commands.
At height. enter "negative 11".
In seconds. "4".
On energy. turn "80%".
- Fixed.
- Okay. wait for the start in 10 seconds.
10. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5...
4. 3. 2. 1...
Incomming call.
- Havelock. Skill.
- Ja?
I see that the ignition went well. Nicely
done. Sorry we lost you for a while
but you did a great job
and you're in a good place right now.
- Thanks.
- How is it going?
- Hello. can you hear me?
- Yes. we hear you.
- We do not know what to say only.
- I get it. it must be tough.
Do not worry. We do everything we can.
We have full activity here right now.
We have people from the night shift.
so we are twice as many as usual.
Even people from NASA and the military.
The smartest brains in the world.
Exactly what is the problem?
Can't we just use the parachutes
so you pick us up in the sea?
Right now we can not risk anything
until we know everything.
I'm neither a technician nor an engineer.
but a doctor. Your health is my priority.
- So you're a doctor? Specialized in what?
- Psychology actually.
But I have a general medical education
that can be applied to space travel.
Let's change the subject. Do any of you have a
partner at home? Girlfriend. boyfriend?
- No.
- No longer.
- Children?
- No.
- Close friends?
- Not directly.
- No.
- Family?
- What is this? Is it an evaluation?
- Do you have a girlfriend / boyfriend / family?
Well ... Not right away. No.
- But you have a family.
- Yes.
- Are you reading this from a paper?
- Forgive me.
- I would like to ask you for a favor.
- What?
Can you tell us more
about what happened up there?
No. we have already answered that. We want to
know what you are doing to get us out of here.
It can help us.
Not just answering the same questions.
I know. we are working on it.
So does the entire control room
but this can make things easier.
What happened up there? You must know something.
We were both put to sleep.
- What?
- Who woke up first?
- Isaac.
- No. you woke up first.
And why do you say we were anesthetized?
I thought it was a lack of oxygen.
Everyone is put to sleep at the start
until they reach the mothership.
It keeps stress levels down.
- Hello?
- The capsule passes just behind the earth.
- The top.
- Energy levels are low.
They are recharged by the solar panels.
but you are in the shadow of the earth for 45 minutes.
- Which means?
- That we can lose touch for a while.
Sleep a little.
- See ya.
- The call ended.
Why did you lie to them?
I did not. You woke up first.
But that's not true.
Yes. it does.
Warning. energy level of 7 percent
and falling.
- What happens if we lose energy?
Light. heat. voice assistance ...
communication
and drive capacity cease.
Gravity and lifesaving systems switch
to reserve energy.
- Is there anything we can do?
- No.
Then I go to bed.
- Eva. turn off the light.
- Sure. Isaac.
Incoming calls from the ground control.
Skill. Havelock. can you hear us?
Hello? We are waiting for an answer.
Alana? Isaac? Can you hear us?
A corner? Are you there?
Corner.
Capsule 471. please wake the passengers.
Isaac? Alana?
Ground control rings.
Can you hear us?
Yep.
- We are probably still there.
- We thought we lost you.
- It is so cold.
- It could be an energy fault on board ...
for the batteries
should have survived in the dark.
They should be charged in the sunlight.
but there will be another in 40 minutes
so we should expect
it to happen again.
I just want to go home.
- Do you have any plans to get us home yet?
- We're working on it. Isaac.
Come on. it's been several hours.
You should have a plan by now.
We're close. Isaac. Only a few details
left. I'll get back to you soon.
The call ended.
Alana?
- What?
- Are you awake?
I never slept.
- Incomming call.
- Isaac. it's KLN News again.
- Sorry. but I'm not allowed to talk to you.
- Of course.
- And why not. Isaac?
- The control has instructed me ...
to protect the families
of the crew on board.
- You were in the army. right. Isaac?
- I do not want to talk about it.
I would not have done that if I
were you. but we know it now.
Do you want to tell our listeners
what you did before you left?
- Not directly. Protects my privacy.
- No sorry.
It is funded by the taxpayers.
Do you deny that you killed a human ...
- after you left the army?
- Who told you that?
Answer the question. Mr Havelock. Did you
kill or did you not kill a human being?
- I shot a person. yes. but ...
- Exactly. good. Now we're going somewhere.
So how can we trust you
when you have committed such a serious crime?
You're not up here.
so you do not have to worry.
You may be rude. Mr Havelock.
but that does not make you more popular.
You killed a human being
and you do not seem very remorseful.
The public wants to know why.
Why should you be saved?
The real question is whether it is right to
send people into space against their will.
We abolished the death penalty
several years ago.
No. it's not.
The question is. given that you
are the only survivors we know. and you
had a motive and have killed before ...
Did you have anything to do with the explosion that killed
all these people?
How dare you? We are stuck up here with a
small chance to come alive from here
and you're spreading rumors that
I've murdered all these people!
What kind of sick person are you?
Sorry. Mr Havelock. but that's your
opinion. Good luck anyway.
Time to answer some questions from the listeners.
- Kevin?
The call ended.
What did you expect?
- I actually see it in front of me.
- What ?!
That you're killing someone.
I'm not like you.
Of course you are. We are the same as you and me.
What do you think you're doing here?
Shut up!
Are you going to force me?
- So you're a former soldier?
- Do not talk to me.
I am interested.
You say that?
So what happened?
Clara was a gambling addict.
Is Clara your bride?
She borrowed money from
a guy I used to work with.
A former soldier.
No one wanted to mess with.
he had a reputation.
He threatened her. so I sent
her away until things calmed down.
And I agreed to work for him
to pay off the debt.
It suited him to
let me beat different players.
I knew he would never let
us go. so one day I said I was done.
"Fuck off."
And it was quiet for a while ...
but not for very long.
You know why I'm here.
And you know what you have to do.
I can not. I'm paying him.
I promised to pay him.
It's too late now.
Take it up.
We know where you're hiding her.
So you go now or she's dying.
We're there at three.
Do you have them?
You're shaking.
Do you have the money?
Yes I have.
- Have you?
- No.
I can not let you go.
You do it for him.
Not for him.
- They're sending you away for this.
- It's just a flesh wound.
I've seen many.
Put a bandage on it. You'll be alright.
The prisoner gets up.
Isaac Havelock.
You have been convicted
of the murder of Richard Adams.
on April 14. 2044.
a violation of the law.
You have stated as mitigating circumstances
that you were forced into this robbery
by a third party.
During the robbery. Mr. Adams did not follow
an instruction and became threatening to you.
You then shot him in self-defense.
Do you stand by this statement?
- Yes. but I did not kill him.
- Well.
This court acknowledges that
this was not a planned crime.
And that you have shown remorse. but
do not accept your appeal for self-defense.
then no weapon was found
at Mr Adam's body.
But it was there.
Someone must have moved it.
Tig. mr Havelock.
The court is
considering your brilliant military career and has considered it
the mitigating factors. The court
therefore offers you a second chance
and you are judged accordingly.
Isaac Havelock. you are taken from this
court and sent to the colonies.
- There you will have to serve your sentence.
- Please ...
Tig!
Take away the prisoner.
Do you want sympathy?
No.
Bra.
A personal conversation?
Yes. if it's okay.
Hi. this is Clara. leave a message.
Shit too.
Hi Clara. this is Isaac.
I'm sorry we did not talk.
You probably think I just pulled.
But I promise it was not so.
They threatened to hurt you and I did not
want anything terrible to happen to you.
I was arrested
and sentenced to the colony.
Something terrible happened.
- I just want to know that you're fine.
- Isaac. I'm here. Everything is fine with me.
Hi. How nice to hear your voice.
I've seen everything on the news.
They said you volunteered.
It's not true. No one wonders how
70 volunteers might want to take a single trip?
- Did not they?
- No.
Did you kill that man?
I shot him
for a pissed off portfolio.
But it was not meant to kill him.
I wish you had not done that.
Me too.
But I would do it again
if I had to.
What was in the portfolio?
- Does it matter?
- No. it does not.
One positive thing if I do not come back
is that no one needs to do it again.
- It's not funny.
- It was money. if it matters.
Oh ... To pay the debt?
Did you never wonder?
I...
I understood that
it had to do with you.
I just...
I feel so guilty. Tell me what I
can do. and I'll call someone or ...
- I do not know ...
- Do not.
- I'm where I should be.
- Please. Isaac.
Hold on while they solve it.
Listen to me.
- I'm so glad I met you.
- The same.
- So we'll hear from you again soon?
- Of course.
I love you.
Bye.
Cute.
So that was your girl?
You know a lot about me ...
but I know nothing about you.
- What do you mean?
- You've been lying all along. haven't you?
Have you told anything that is true?
Were you even assaulted?
- Yes.
- Should they have sent you here ...
for self-defense?
Not directly.
If so. what?
Why are you really here?
- Do you really want to know?
- Yes.
I'm an addict.
Where do addicts end up?
Where do you think you're going?
- Do not kill me.
- Go away.
Hi buddy.
Come on.
It was because you blew me away.
Damn crap.
So you killed four people
because you did not like their drugs?
- You killed someone for a briefcase.
- I did not kill him.
Shitty. He died. after all.
You're a soldier. so you know how it feels.
Killing is my drug. No one will
miss them. they were addicts.
Do you mean that you liked it?
- Did not you?
- No.
It is the best drug.
You know it is.
It is most addictive.
You do not want to admit it.
because you're afraid of me.
I am not scared of you.
Of course you are.
You can continue to lie to yourself
if you want to ...
but I know you got a kick out
of killing those people.
You're just afraid you would be like me
if you admitted it to yourself.
The truth is. you're already like me.
We both killed ... and we liked it.
We are the same as you and me.
If you say so.
- Incoming calls from the control.
- Skill. Havelock. are you there?
- Where else would we be?
- We are almost ready for your return trip.
It's just a problem.
We know that one of you boarded
the ship before the explosion.
- Let me go!
- What are you doing?
Please stop! Leave me alone!
- Stay away from each other.
- I'm not even near her.
He did it! He blew up the ship
and now he's trying to kill me ...
- to silence me.
- She's lying. do not listen to her.
- It's true.
- Alana. are you okay?
- Please!
- One more word and I swear ...
Please! Why did you put me in the same cell
as this monster?
- You're the monster.
- Isaac. if something happens to her ...
we cancel the rescue attempt.
Is that understood?
- Yes.
- The call ended.
- What did you do? You just put me there.
- It was not difficult.
Why?
You're my ticket from here.
That's why you're still alive.
- You blew up the ship.
- Surely it was beautiful?
- You murdered all those people.
- I had to.
- You killed us.
- We're not dead yet.
If they think any of us
are responsible. they will never save us.
- Of course they do.
- Why would they?
To help
the helpless woman of course.
Do not you understand? I have saved you
from a life of slavery in the colony.
And destroyed the future of humanity
at the same time!
The future of humanity?
Mankind is already dead
if they think they'll save it
by sending us here.
Do not say you believe that shit.
Who are you calling?
I'm Isaac Havelock's cellmate.
Do you want to know what he did?
Stop.
You are live on KLM Radio.
What's your name?
- My name is Alana Skill.
- And what do you want to tell us?
My cellmate Isaac just admitted that
he was the one who blew up the ship.
- She's lying!
- Is it Isaac we hear in the background?
He wants the world to know what he
did. He wants to dissolve the program.
Do you speak freely. Alana?
Alana?
Please help me.
That was not nice.
So weak.
But it's OK.
How did you do it?
Fire detected in the oxygen garden.
Eva ... Do something.
Fire-fighting Co2 emptied.
Carbon dioxide levels are dangerously high.
The oxygen level has fallen to 17 percent.
- I'm not feeling well.
- It may be due to lack of acid.
So this is how we die?
Capsule 471. Do you hear us?
Capsule 471. This is the
Orion escape capsule. Can you hear us?
- I hear you. it's Isaac Havelock.
- Nice to hear your voice. Isaac.
We are almost there. just under 110
kilometers away. We'll be there soon. buddy.
- I love you!
- We need help with the docking ...
so be prepared with the control system.
No problem. just tell me what to do.
Wait.
we are 60 kilometers away and approaching.
30 kilometer.
I see them.
Yes. I can not believe that
it really happens.
We start the engines to slow down.
Wait.
Okay. combustion successful.
Turn on the button on the control system.
- Automatic docking activated.
- The top. we see the beacon.
The ship leads us in.
10 seconds. 9. 8. 7. 6. 5. 4 ...
3. 2. 1...
- Docking completed.
- Are you unlocking for us. Isaac?
Okay. I'm fixing this.
Isaac. you have to unlock the door.
- Eva. unlock the doors.
- Sorry. but it's not possible ...
- if we are not docked.
- But we are.
No. Isaac. We are not.
Shit too!
No no no...
What is it. Isaac? Is everything okay?
They left me here.
Who then?
It was not for real.
Warning. oxygen level 3 percent.
- Please ...
- Isaac. should I call the check?
- Clara ...
Clara ... I can 't breathe.
Warning. oxygen level 2 percent.
- Recreate pressure.
- Warning! Automatic reprint ...
has been prevented due to fire.
Do you want to override it?
- Override!
- Okay. confirmed. Repressor.
Skill. can you hear us?
Are you there. Havelock?
What have you done to Alana?
I think she's dead.
I did not destroy the ship.
- We know.
- What do you mean?
We checked the camera in your capsule.
It was Alana who entered the ship.
Docking completed.
Eva. turn on the light.
How long does it take for them to wake up?
About 30 seconds.
Our first customer.
- Hello. Miss Skill.
- Up and jump. Skill.
Get up.
- I thought I would get another chance.
- Did they say that?
No. you're here to work
and do what we tell you.
And you will be our little bitch.
Come on. Up with you.
Up with you.
Up!
Come on!
Up with you!
Fire detection.
Emergency separation started.
Good. You are awake.
I do not understand that
she killed all those people.
Listen. Havelock. Your oxygen
level is low due to the repression.
Probably a result of the fire.
Unfortunately. it also appears that the
electronics on the ship were damaged.
I already know all that.
so what do you mean?
- I'm really sorry.
- Why?
We have looked at all the options.
All unforeseen events.
but there are no ships nearby.
Neither NASA. the military ...
- or our own who can reach you.
- Please ...
And your oxygen will
run out before we can save you.
I'm really sorry. Isaac.
- And to return?
- The capsule will probably not work.
I'm sorry. Isaac.
We've done everything we can down here.
You certainly have.
Should we stop pretending? You never save us.
because Alana blew everything up.
No.
Are there a lot of others
in capsules floating around?
49. And no. they are not innocent.
They are criminals.
I'm not a killer.
I'm here because you took people from
a system under the pretext ...
that they did something wrong.
If you filled everything up with serial killers ...
But then you would not have had anyone
who could do the work.
So I guess
you made a mistake with Alana.
There must be
hundreds of victims for your experiment.
Tell.
Are you planning to save any of them?
- We do everything we can.
- So it's a no.
- Goodbye. Isaac.
- The call ended.
Have a good life.
- Isaac?
- What. Eva?
You have used nine of your ten calls
this month.
Incoming and outgoing calls
are included in the sum.
The calls can be monitored by staff
for violations.
- Eva? Do you think we can handle the return trip?
- The chance of survival is 22 percent.
- Should you have taken the chance?
- No.
How long will I survive
if I stay here?
The water runs out in four days.
The food runs out in a day.
The oxygen supply in nine hours.
The stabilizer fuel in 17 hours.
Carbon dioxide levels
become toxic in 18 hours.
- So I have one day left?
- Yes.
- Eva. singla en slant.
- Key.
So if I get a chance. I'll stay.
- Eva. call Clara.
- Of course. Isaac. I'm calling.
Isaac? Are you okay?
Better if I can hear your voice.
The Prime Minister has just said that
everyone who manages to return is pardoned.
- Yes. because he does not think anyone does.
- Do not be so negative.
Listen. There is no
easy way to say this.
I have bad news.
They will not pick me up.
And my oxygen runs out in a day.
So...
So I think this is goodbye.
Are you there?
And.
I'm sorry for everything.
For everything I did.
- That I can not come back to you.
- You do not have to apologize.
It's not your fault.
- Do not give up.
- Clara. de sa ...
Do not listen to them.
Is there a chance?
- A very small one.
- In that case. take it.
Do you hear it? Please. Isaac.
- People are betting on you ...
- Clara. listen.
Whether you make it back or not.
- Listen to me. Clara.
- The odds are one-sided ...
but this means that the
return will be high.
That's how we ended up in this from the
beginning. That's why I'm here.
I have already done that.
Please tell me you did not bet on that
. I will return.
I'll tell you when you'm back.
Do not be mad at me.
Just ... promise me that.
- You have to try.
- I will.
I love you.
And I you.
The call ended.
Wish me luck.
That woman will be my death.
- Not that woman.
- So you're not dead?
Not yet.
22 percent ... I do not like the odds.
We're going home. We have to try.
Do not do it.
Collaborate with me.
I want to kill those who brought us here.
I just want to meet my family.
In that case. you must kill me.
And then you're as awful as I am.
They see you on the surveillance camera.
They invent anything
so as not to pardon you.
I want to avoid killing you.
Do not fight back.
Time to atmosphere:
Its time. PIZDEC.GN